Update alpha_vantage.markdown (#31996)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/alpha_vantage.markdown

## API information

> Alpha Vantage offers two tiers of the API key, one free and one paid for. If you are using the free version you will be limited to twentyfive queries per day. The sensor polls every 5 minutes, so you will only get data for the first two hours per day. 
> The paid version starts at 75 queries per minute increasing ticker quantity quite a bit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alpha Vantage offers two tiers of the API key, one free and one paid for. If you are using the free version, you will be limited to twenty-five queries per day. The sensor polls every 5 minutes, so you will only get data for the first two hours per day.

The paid version starts at 75 queries per minute, increasing ticker quantity quite a bit.
```
